docs: update pointcloud map preprocessing page (#480)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/integrating-autoware/creating-maps/pointcloud-map-preprocessing/index.md

# Pointcloud map preprocessing

## Overview

> When your created point cloud map is either too dense or too large (i.e., exceeding 300 MB),
> you may want to downsample it for improved computational and memory efficiency.
> Also, you can consider using dynamic map loading with partial loading,
> please check [map_loader package](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/tree/main/map/map_loader) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pointcloud map used in Autoware should be downsampled with a voxel size of around 0.1 to 0.2 meters to minimize the computational costs and memory bandwidth load. 
Also, you may consider using dynamic map loading with partial loading if your map is still too large to handle as a single file (~2 GB in PCD size). 
Please check [map_loader package](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/tree/main/map/map_loader) for more information.
```

Author: @kminoda done :+1:
